Feature/new images (#3)
neicnordic/sda-sync: README.md

# SDA-sync

> The sda-sync is an integration created to solve the *data* syncing requirement in BigPicture. In this project, every data submission that takes place in a country's node must be *mirrored* in the other country's node. This means that both the submitted data files and their corresponding database identifiers (e.g. accession and dataset ID's) in one country's node should be replicated in the other country's node. This is achieved by syncing the data between the two nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sda-sync is an integration created to solve the *data* syncing requirement in BigPicture. In this project, every data submission that takes place in a country's node must be *mirrored* in the other country's node. This means that both the submitted data files and their corresponding database identifiers (e.g. accession and dataset ID's) in one country's node should be replicated in the other country's node. This is achieved by syncing the data between the two nodes and then providing the relevant identifiers for use while ingesting.
```

? I'd prefer having it clearer in this executive summary that the dataset identifiers aren't simple "synced" over.

```
Note: This script should be run every time the services are re-run

> Login to LS-AAI and get the token that will be used for uploading data. For example, you can login [here](https://login.gdi.nbis), get the JWToken for the user and paste it in the `tools/proxyS3` file at the `<USER-TOKEN>` and replace the `<USER-ELIXIR-ID>` in the same file. If you are using the gdi url above, the name of the user should be on the top of the page. Copy this and replace the `@` character with `_`, then paste it in the `tools/proxyS3`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Login to LS-AAI and get the token that will be used for uploading data. For example, you can login [here](https://login.bp.nbis.se), get the JWT for the user and paste it in the `tools/proxyS3` file at the `<USER-TOKEN>` and replace the `<USER-ELIXIR-ID>` in the same file. If you are using the URL above, the name of the user should be on the top of the page. Copy this and replace the `@` character with `_`, then paste it in the `tools/proxyS3`.
```

URL fixes, language. But are these instructions for a developer setup or some other use? I'm wondering which use case uses tokens from LS Login.

Reviewer 2: @pontus  This was just a quick fix to get a token for uploading to `s3inbox` fast. But I see the point, so now this procedure is replaced by using a mock oidc service that runs from the compose file.
